I do find it kind of interesting. Uh, it is NFT based, but, uh, I,
I don't think it has to be this <laugh>, uh, this idea of,
I think big clout it's called or whatever, uh,
the idea of sort of investing in individuals.
It makes me immediately think about investing in ideas.
So even just the words you speak, having value and sort of,
if you have a frictionless like automated financial system,
then you could do a bunch of interesting things about what it means to add value
to the world.
I,
I don't know if bit cloud is currently an efficient representation of that. Um,
but I am truly happy that <laugh>,
however, that thing works. I'm just one notch above LA or Putin,
which is one of the, that's like one of the bucket list items for me to,
to have a list where I'm one notch above Putin.
Well, but I think you're talking about here is important because there's, uh,
historical examples.
You could invest in a patent in some situations you could invest in an
organization that has an idea, right?
So these are super inefficient given kind of the,
the vision that you're painting in terms of like investing directly in an idea
in a super efficient, automated fashion. Yeah.
But that's how the technology evolution would works. Right.
Is it's really hard to do it first.
And then it slowly kind of becomes easier and easier as technology, uh,
is more prevalent.
The other thing that I think is interesting is this whole idea of investing in
people.
If you really think about the origination of that is I would hire somebody.
Right, right. I pay you money and then you're gonna create production. Sure.
But I take the lion share and you don't now there's things like, uh, these, uh,
ISAs these income sharing agreements where basically I will educate you on
something, train you on something, uh, I'll put up capital. Right.
And then over time you'll pay me back.
Plus profits is some version eventually, I don't know what it looks like,
but being able to upside in somebody's success
for having risk capital early on,
doesn't seem that far off mm-hmm <affirmative> you see it in professional
sports, you see it in, you know, a lot of these things.
And so I just think that a lot of, um,
the focus right now is on the technology,
but ultimately these are ideas that are very old and have had
lots of success and traction.
And we're just merely standing in the way of the evolution of these ideas with
new technology. And so, uh, it's easy to get caught up in the technology,
but when you really zoom out and look at it from the ideological standpoint and
kind of the, the progress of humanity, it's a foreground conclusion.
This stuff's gonna happen.
Yeah. It's just how I think the world is waiting.
It's some of us are trying to create that future world, which is like,
what are the applications of this technology that will transform the world?
And then, you know, I hate the term, but killer apps,
like cool ideas that are implemented effectively at scale that
transform the world. And there's been,
there's been a lot of different ideas pro popping up,
like the there's a lot of ideas about social networks that are built on top of
the technology and all that kind of stuff.